[Doc] Add a page for `<Scheduler>` (#10805)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Scheduler.md

import '@bryntum/core-thin/core.material.css';
import '@bryntum/grid-thin/grid.material.css';
import '@bryntum/scheduler-thin/scheduler.material.css';
import { startOfDay } from 'date-fns';

export const EventList = () => (
    <Scheduler
        viewPreset="hourAndDay"
        startDate={startOfDay(new Date())}
        sx={{
            '& .b-grid-header': {
                color: 'white',
                backgroundColor: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.8)',
            },
            '& .b-sch-header-timeaxis-cell': {
                color: 'white',
            },
        }}
    />
);
```
{% endraw %}

## `title`

The title to display in the `<AppBar>`:

{% raw %}
```tsx
// in ./src/events/EventList.tsx
import { Scheduler } from '@react-admin/ra-scheduler';
import '@bryntum/core-thin/core.material.css';
import '@bryntum/grid-thin/grid.material.css';
import '@bryntum/scheduler-thin/scheduler.material.css';
import { startOfDay } from 'date-fns';

export const EventList = () => (
    <Scheduler
        viewPreset="hourAndDay"
        startDate={startOfDay(new Date())}
        title="Today planning"
    />
);
```
{% endraw %}

## `<SchedulerDaysNavigationButtons>`

> A component that display navigation button to move through days in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data day by day.

Author: ```suggestion
A component that displays navigation buttons to move through days in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data day by day.
```

{% raw %}
```tsx
// in ./src/events/EventList.tsx
import { Scheduler, SchedulerDaysNavigationButtons } from '@react-admin/ra-scheduler';
import '@bryntum/core-thin/core.material.css';
import '@bryntum/grid-thin/grid.material.css';
import '@bryntum/scheduler-thin/scheduler.material.css';
import { startOfDay } from 'date-fns';

const EventListActions = () => (
    <TopToolbar>
        <SchedulerDaysNavigationButtons />
    </TopToolbar>
);

export const EventList = () => (
    <Scheduler
        columns={[{ text: 'Name', field: 'name', width: 130 }]}
        viewPreset="hourAndDay"
        startDate={startOfDay(new Date())}
        actions={<EventListActions />}
    />
);
```
{% endraw %}

## `<SchedulerWeeksNavigationButtons>`

> A component that display navigation button to move through weeks in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data week by week.

Author: ```suggestion
A component that displays navigation buttons to move through weeks in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data week by week.
```

{% raw %}
```tsx
// in ./src/events/EventList.tsx
import { Scheduler, SchedulerWeeksNavigationButtons } from '@react-admin/ra-scheduler';
import '@bryntum/core-thin/core.material.css';
import '@bryntum/grid-thin/grid.material.css';
import '@bryntum/scheduler-thin/scheduler.material.css';
import { startOfWeek } from 'date-fns';

const EventListActions = () => (
    <TopToolbar>
        <SchedulerWeeksNavigationButtons />
    </TopToolbar>
);

export const EventList = () => (
    <Scheduler
        columns={[{ text: 'Name', field: 'name', width: 130 }]}
        viewPreset="weekAndDay"
        startDate={startOfWeek(new Date())}
        actions={<EventListActions />}
    />
);
```
{% endraw %}

## `<SchedulerMonthsNavigationButtons>`

> A component that display navigation button to move through months in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data month by month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component that displays a navigation button to move through months in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data month by month.
```

> A component that display navigation button to move through months in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data month by month.

Author: ```suggestion
A component that displays navigation buttons to move through months in a `<Scheduler>` that displays data month by month.
```
